click.hunantv.com @ads
da.hunantv.com @ads
da.mgtv.com @ads
log.hunantv.com @ads
log.v2.hunantv.com @ads
res.hunantv.com @ads
v2.log.hunantv.com @ads
adjust.com @ads
actives.youku.com @ads
ad.api.3g.youku.com @ads
ad.api.mobile.youku.com @ads
ad.mobile.youku.com @ads
a-dxk.play.api.3g.youku.com @ads
atm.youku.com @ads
b.smartvideo.youku.com @ads
c.yes.youku.com @ads
das.api.youku.com @ads
das.mobile.youku.com @ads
dev-push.m.youku.com @ads
dl.g.youku.com @ads
dmapp.youku.com @ads
e.stat.ykimg.com @ads
gamex.mobile.youku.com @ads
guanggaoad.youku.com @ads
hudong.pl.youku.com @ads
huodong.pl.youku.com @ads
huodong.vip.youku.com @ads
hz.youku.com @ads
iyes.youku.com @ads
l.ykimg.com @ads
lstat.youku.com @ads
mobilemsg.youku.com @ads
msg.youku.com @ads
myes.youku.com @ads
p.l.youku.com @ads
pl.youku.com @ads
passport-log.youku.com @ads
p-log.ykimg.com @ads
push.m.youku.com @ads
r.l.youku.com @ads
s.p.youku.com @ads
sdk.m.youku.com @ads
stat.youku.com @ads
statis.api.3g.youku.com @ads
store.tv.api.3g.youku.com @ads
store.xl.api.3g.youku.com @ads
tdrec.youku.com @ads
test.ott.youku.com @ads
test.sdk.m.youku.com @ads
v.l.youku.com @ads
val.api.youku.com @ads
wan.youku.com @ads
ykatr.youku.com @ads
ykrec.youku.com @ads

bluekai.com @ads
fout.jp @ads
gmossp-sp.jp @ads
i-mobile.co.jp @ads
im-apps.net @ads
impact-ad.jp @ads
ladsp.com @ads
microad.co.jp @ads
microad.jp @ads
socdm.com @ads
evt.mxplay.com @ads
a.alimama.cn @ads
acjs.aliyun.com @ads
adash.m.taobao.com @ads
adashbc.m.taobao.com @ads
adashbc.ut.taobao.com @ads
adash-c.ut.taobao.com @ads
adashx.m.taobao.com @ads
adashx4ae.ut.taobao.com @ads
adashx4yt.m.taobao.com @ads
adashxgc.ut.taobao.com @ads
adsh.m.taobao.com @ads
afp.adchina.com @ads
afp.alicdn.com @ads
agoodm.m.taobao.com @ads
agoodm.wapa.taobao.com @ads
alipaylog.com @ads
amdc.alipay.com @ads
amdc.m.taobao.com @ads
api.wapa.taobao.com @ads
api.waptest.taobao.com @ads
apoll.m.taobao.com @ads
appdownload.alicdn.com @ads
atanx.alicdn.com @ads
atanx2.alicdn.com @ads
cdn0.mobmore.com @ads
click.aliyun.com @ads
click.mz.simba.taobao.com @ads
cm.ipinyou.com @ads
cm.mlt01.com @ads
dsp.simba.taobao.com @ads
err.taobao.com @ads
ex.mobmore.com @ads
ex.puata.info @ads
fav.simba.taobao.com @ads
feedback.whalecloud.com @ads
ff.win.taobao.com @ads
fm.p0y.cn @ads
g.click.taobao.com @ads
g.tbcdn.cn @ads
gma.alicdn.com @ads
gtms01.alicdn.com @ads
gtms02.alicdn.com @ads
gtms03.alicdn.com @ads
gtms04.alicdn.com @ads
hydra.alibaba.com @ads
hz.pre.tbusergw.taobao.net @ads
hz.tbusergw.taobao.net @ads
i.ipinyou.com @ads
init.phpwind.com @ads
intl.wapa.taobao.com @ads
intl.waptest.taobao.com @ads
jxlog.istreamsche.com @ads
log.umtrack.com @ads
m.intl.taobao.com @ads
m.simba.taobao.com @ads
match.p4p.1688.com @ads
material.istreamsche.com @ads
mlt01.com @ads
nbsdk-baichuan.alicdn.com @ads
nbsdk-baichuan.taobao.com @ads
osfota.cdn.aliyun.com @ads
osupdate.aliyun.com @ads
osupdateservice.yunos.com @ads
pindao.huoban.taobao.com @ads
push.wandoujia.com @ads
re.m.taobao.com @ads
re.taobao.com @ads
redirect.simba.taobao.com @ads
rj.m.taobao.co @ads
rj.m.taobao.com @ads
sdkinit.taobao.com @ads
show.re.taobao.com @ads
simaba.taobao.com @ads
simba.m.taobao.com @ads
srd.simba.taobao.com @ads
stats.ipinyou.com @ads
strip.taobaocdn.com @ads
tanxlog.istreamsche.com @ads
tejia.taobao.com @ads
temai.taobao.com @ads
tns.simba.taobao.com @ads
tongji.linezing.com @ads
tvupgrade.yunos.com @ads
tyh.taobao.com @ads
userimg.qunar.com @ads
w.m.taobao.com @ads
yiliao.hupan.com @ads
ads.yahoo.com @ads
gemini.yahoo.com @ads
ysm.yahoo.com @ads
unityads.unity3d.com @ads
unityads.unitychina.cn @ads
full:apilog-web.acfun.cn @ads
ssp.api.tappx.com @ads
vortex-win.data.microsoft.com
vortex.data.microsoft.com
vortex.data.microsoft.com.akadns.net
vortex-sandbox.data.microsoft.com

telemetry.microsoft.com
telemetry.urs.microsoft.com
choice.microsoft.com
redir.metaservices.microsoft.com
settings-sandbox.data.microsoft.com
settings-win.data.microsoft.com
telemetry.appex.bing.net
watson.live.com
watson.microsoft.com
feedback.search.microsoft.com
feedback.windows.com
corp.sts.microsoft.com
diagnostics.support.microsoft.com
i1.services.social.microsoft.com
cache.datamart.windows.com
diagnostics.support.microsoft.com
spynet2.microsoft.com
spynetalt.microsoft.com

onecollector.cloudapp.aria.akadns.net
prod.nexusrules.live.com.akadns.net
nmetrics.samsung.com
insights.samsung.com
analytics.samsungknox.com
bigdata.ssp.samsung.com
2016.sina.cn @ads
ad.sina.com.cn @ads
adbox.sina.com.cn @ads
adimages.sina.com.hk @ads
adimg.mobile.sina.cn @ads
adimg.uve.weibo.com @ads
adm.leju.sina.com.cn @ads
ads.sina.com @ads
alitui.weibo.com @ads
api.apps.sina.cn @ads
appgift.sinaapp.com @ads
appsupdate.sinaapp.com @ads
atm.sina.com @ads
beacon.sina.com.cn @ads
biz.weibo.com @ads
c.biz.weibo.com @ads
c.wcpt.biz.weibo.com @ads
click.uve.mobile.sina.cn @ads
click.uve.weibo.com @ads
cm.dmp.sina.cn @ads
contentrecommend-out.mobile.sina.cn @ads
count.video.sina.com.cn @ads
counter.sina.com.cn @ads
cre.dp.sina.cn @ads
cre-dp.sina.cn @ads
d00.sina.com.cn @ads
dcads.sina.com.cn @ads
dl.kjava.sina.cn @ads
dmp.sina.cn @ads
dp.im.weibo.cn @ads
game.weibo.cn @ads
game.weibo.com @ads
gw5.push.mcp.weibo.cn @ads
gw6.push.mcp.weibo.cn @ads
img.adbox.sina.com.cn @ads
img.amp.ad.sina.com.cn @ads
int.dpool.sina.com.cn @ads
interest.mix.sina.com.cn @ads
log.interest.mix.sina.com.cn @ads
log.mix.sina.com.cn @ads
log.sina.cn @ads
m.beacon.sina.com.cn @ads
m.game.weibo.cn @ads
mg.games.sina.com.cn @ads
motu.p4p.sina.com.cn @ads
newspush.sinajs.cn @ads
oascentral.sina.com @ads
oascentral.sina.com.hk @ads
p4p.sina.com.cn @ads
palmnews.sina.cn @ads
pay.mobile.sina.cn @ads
pfp.sina.com.cn @ads
pfpip.sina.com @ads
promote.biz.weibo.cn @ads
r.dmp.sina.cn @ads
rm.sina.com.cn @ads
rs.sinajs.cn @ads
s.alitui.weibo.com @ads
s.img.mix.sina.com.cn @ads
sapi.sina.cn @ads
sax.sina.cn @ads
sax.sina.com.cn @ads
saxn.sina.com.cn @ads
saxs.sina.com.cn @ads
sbeacon.sina.com.cn @ads
sdkapp.mobile.sina.cn @ads
sdkapp.uve.weibo.com @ads
sdkclick.mobile.sina.cn @ads
slog.sina.cn @ads
slog.sina.com.cn @ads
staticadm.leju.sina.com.cn @ads
tjs.sjs.sinajs.cn @ads
trends.mobile.sina.cn @ads
u1.img.mobile.sina.cn @ads
wapwbclick.mobile.sina.cn @ads
wbapp.mobile.sina.cn @ads
wbapp.uve.weibo.com @ads
wbclick.mobile.sina.cn @ads
wbpctips.mobile.sina.cn @ads
widget.weibo.com @ads
woocall.sina.com.cn @ads
zc.biz.weibo.com @ads
zymo.mps.weibo.com @ads
alog.umeng.com @ads
alog.umengcloud.com @ads

w.cnzz.com @ads
z.gds.cnzz.com @ads
full:log-sdk.gifshow.com @ads
full:wlog.kuaishou.com @ads
emogi.com @ads
ad.qq.com @ads
ad.qun.qq.com @ads
adfilter.imtt.qq.com @ads
adping.qq.com @ads
adpm.app.qq.com @ads
adsclick.qq.com @ads
adsfile.qq.com @ads
adshmmsg.qq.com @ads
adslvfile.qq.com @ads
adslvseed.qq.com @ads
adsmind.apdcdn.tc.qq.com @ads
adsqqclick.qq.com @ads
adstestview.qq.com @ads
adsview.qq.com @ads
adsview2.qq.com @ads
adv.app.qq.com @ads
adver.qq.com @ads
btrace.qq.com @ads
e.qq.com @ads
log.tbs.qq.com @ads
mpush.qq.com @ads
mtrace.qq.com @ads
push.qq.com @ads
pgdt.gtimg.cn @ads
js-agent.newrelic.com @ads
adnet.sohu.com @ads
ads.sohu.com @ads
adv-sv-show.focus.cn @ads
aty.sohu.com @ads
data.vod.itc.cn @ads
epro.sogou.com @ads
go.sohu.com @ads
golden1.sogou.com @ads
imp.optaim.com @ads
inte.sogou.com @ads
inte.sogoucdn.com @ads
lu.sogoucdn.com @ads
pv.sohu.com @ads
theta.sogoucdn.com @ads
track.sohu.com @ads
uranus.sogou.com @ads
v2.reachmax.cn @ads

full:e8aeb8bbdbbd7.cdn.sohucs.com @ads
full:643108e7617ef.cdn.sohucs.com @ads
inner-active.mobi @ads
a.baidu.com @ads
ad.duapps.com @ads
ad.player.baidu.com @ads
adm.baidu.com @ads
adscdn.baidu.com @ads
adx.xiaodutv.com @ads
ae.bdstatic.com @ads
afd.baidu.com @ads
als.baidu.com @ads
api.mobula.sdk.duapps.com @ads
api.tuisong.baidu.com @ads
appc.baidu.com @ads
b.bdstatic.com @ads
baichuan.baidu.com @ads
baidustatic.com @ads
baidutv.baidu.com @ads
banlv.baidu.com @ads
bar.baidu.com @ads
bdimg.share.baidu.com @ads
bdplus.baidu.com @ads
bj.bcebos.com @ads
btlaunch.baidu.com @ads
c.baidu.com @ads
cb.baidu.com @ads
cbjs.baidu.com @ads
cjhq.baidu.com @ads
cleaner.baidu.com @ads
click.bes.baidu.com @ads
click.hm.baidu.com @ads
click.qianqian.com @ads
cm.baichuan.baidu.com @ads
cm.baidu.com @ads
cm.pos.baidu.com @ads
cpro.baidu.cn @ads
cpro.baidu.com @ads
cpro.baidustatic.com @ads
cpro.tieba.baidu.com @ads
cpro.zhidao.baidu.com @ads
cpro2.baidu.com @ads
cpro2.baidustatic.com @ads
crs.baidu.com @ads
datax.baidu.com @ads
dd713.bj.bcebos.com @ads
dl.client.baidu.com @ads
dl.ops.baidu.com @ads
dl1sw.baidu.com @ads
dl2.bav.baidu.com @ads
dlsw.baidu.com @ads
dlsw.br.baidu.com @ads
dl-vip.bav.baidu.com @ads
dl-vip.pcfaster.baidu.co.th @ads
download.bav.baidu.com @ads
download.sd.baidu.com @ads
drmcmm.baidu.com @ads
dup.baidustatic.com @ads
dxp.baidu.com @ads
dzl.baidu.com @ads
e.baidu.com @ads
eclick.baidu.com @ads
ecma.bdimg.com @ads
ecmb.bdimg.com @ads
ecmc.bdimg.com @ads
eiv.baidu.com @ads
em.baidu.com @ads
entry.baidu.com @ads
ers.baidu.com @ads
f10.baidu.com @ads
fc-feed.cdn.bcebos.com @ads
fclick.baidu.com @ads
feed.baidu.com @ads
fexclick.baidu.com @ads
g.baidu.com @ads
gimg.baidu.com @ads
guanjia.baidu.com @ads
hc.baidu.com @ads
hm.baidu.com @ads
hmma.baidu.com @ads
hpd.baidu.com @ads
idm.bce.baidu.com @ads
idm-su.baidu.com @ads
iebar.baidu.com @ads
ikcode.baidu.com @ads
img.taotaosou.cn @ads
img01.taotaosou.cn @ads
j.br.baidu.com @ads
kstj.baidu.com @ads
log.music.baidu.com @ads
m1.baidu.com @ads
ma.baidu.com @ads
mobads.baidu.com @ads
mobads-logs.baidu.com @ads
mpro.baidu.com @ads
msite.baidu.com @ads
neirong.baidu.com @ads
nsclick.baidu.com @ads
nsclickvideo.baidu.com @ads
openrcv.baidu.com @ads
pc.videoclick.baidu.com @ads
pos.baidu.com @ads
pups.bdimg.com @ads
push.zhanzhang.baidu.com @ads
qianclick.baidu.com @ads
release.baidu.com @ads
res.mi.baidu.com @ads
rigel.baidustatic.com @ads
river.zhidao.baidu.com @ads
rj.baidu.com @ads
rplog.baidu.com @ads
s.baidu.com @ads
s.cpro.baidu.com @ads
sa.tuisong.baidu.com @ads
sclick.baidu.com @ads
sestat.baidu.com @ads
shadu.baidu.com @ads
share.baidu.com @ads
snippet.pos.baidu.com @ads
sobar.baidu.com @ads
sobartop.baidu.com @ads
spcode.baidu.com @ads
stat.v.baidu.com @ads
su.bdimg.com @ads
su.bdstatic.com @ads
tk.baidu.com @ads
tkweb.baidu.com @ads
tob-cms.bj.bcebos.com @ads
tongji.baidu.com @ads
toolbar.baidu.com @ads
tracker.baidu.com @ads
tuijian.baidu.com @ads
uat1.bfsspadserver.8le8le.com @ads
ubmcmm.baidustatic.com @ads
ucstat.baidu.com @ads
ulic.baidu.com @ads
ulog.imap.baidu.com @ads
union.baidu.com @ads
unionimage.baidu.com @ads
utility.baidu.com @ads
utk.baidu.com @ads
videopush.baidu.com @ads
vv84.bj.bcebos.com @ads
w.gdown.baidu.com @ads
w.x.baidu.com @ads
wangmeng.baidu.com @ads
weishi.baidu.com @ads
wenku-cms.bj.bcebos.com @ads
wisepush.video.baidu.com @ads
wm.baidu.com @ads
wn.pos.baidu.com @ads
znsv.baidu.com @ads
zz.bdstatic.com @ads
zzy1.quyaoya.com @ads
iadsdk.apple.com @ads
iad.apple.com @ads
qwapi.com @ads
static.sensorsdata.cn @ads
cdn.segment.com @ads
data.flurry.com @ads
decide.mixpanel.com @ads
mlog.hiido.com @ads
ylog.hiido.com @ads
supersonic.com @ads
supersonicads.com @ads
ssacdn.com @ads
supersonicads-a.akamaihd.net @ads
collector.xhamster.com @ads
adcolony.com @ads
g1.tagtic.cn @ads
xy-log.tagtic.cn @ads
ads.union.jd.com @ads
c-nfa.jd.com @ads
cps.360buy.com @ads
jzt.jd.com @ads
stat.m.jd.com @ads
img-x.jd.com @ads
cdn.pocoiq.cn @ads
oct.pocoiq.cn @ads
x.clearbitjs.com @ads
metrics.apple.com
securemetrics.apple.com
supportmetrics.apple.com
metrics.icloud.com
metrics.mzstatic.com
dzc-metrics.mzstatic.com
books-analytics-events.news.apple-dns.net
books-analytics-events.apple.com
stocks-analytics-events.apple.com
stocks-analytics-events.news.apple-dns.net
ads.pubmatic.com @ads
uberads.com @ads
sa.api.intl.miui.com

data.mistat.xiaomi.com
data.mistat.intl.xiaomi.com
data.mistat.india.xiaomi.com
data.mistat.rus.xiaomi.com

tracking.miui.com
tracking.intl.miui.com
tracking.india.miui.com
tracking.rus.miui.com
leanplum.com @ads
metrics.data.hicloud.com
metrics1.data.hicloud.com
metrics2.data.hicloud.com
metrics3.data.hicloud.com
metrics4.data.hicloud.com
metrics5.data.hicloud.com

logservice.hicloud.com
logservice1.hicloud.com
2mdn.net @ads
admob.com @ads
adsense.com @ads
adsensecustomsearchads.com @ads
adsenseformobileapps.com @ads
advertisercommunity.com @ads
advertiserscommunity.com @ads
adwords-community.com @ads
adwords.com @ads
adwordsexpress.com @ads
app-measurement.com @ads
clickserver.googleads.com @ads
doubleclick.com @ads
doubleclick.net @ads
google-analytics.com @ads
googleadapis.com @ads
googleadservices.com @ads
googleanalytics.com @ads
googleoptimize.com @ads
googlesyndication.com @ads
googletagmanager.com @ads
googletagservices.com @ads
googletraveladservices.com @ads
urchin.com @ads

ads.wteam.xyz @ads


7box.vip @ads
ad-delivery.net @ads
adinplay.com @ads
adnxs.com @ads
ads.trafficjunky.net @ads
advertserve.com @ads
casalemedia.com @ads
contextual.media.net @ads
cpmstar.com @ads
demdex.net @ads
httpool.com @ads
lijit.com @ads
1rx.io @ads
mfadsrvr.com @ads
mgid.com @ads
ns1p.net @ads
openx.net @ads
pubmatic.com @ads
spotxchange.com @ads
unimhk.com @ads
upapi.net @ads


ogury.com @ads
presage.io @ads
ogury.co @ads
data.alexa.com

device-metrics-us.amazon.com
device-metrics-us-2.amazon.com


51y5.net
a.adtng.com
aaxads.com
addthisedge.com
adtrue.com
ad-srv.net
ad.api.moji.com
ad.wang502.com
adbutter.net
ads.trafficjunky.net
adtechus.com
adxprtz.com
cdn.advertserve.com
cdn.banclip.com
cfts1tifqr.com
contentabc.com
cretgate.com
ero-advertising.com
eroadvertising.com
exoclick.com
exosrv.com
go2.global
img-bss.csdn.net
imglnkc.com
imglnkd.com
ja2.gamersky.com
jl3.yjaxa.top
juicyads.com
kepler-37b.com
lqc006.com
realsrv.com
s4yxaqyq95.com
shhs-ydd8x2.yjrmss.cn
static.javhd.com
tm-banners.gamingadult.com
trafficfactory.biz
tsyndicate.com

adx.36kr.com

click.ali213.net
pbmp.ali213.net


adq.chinaso.com
stat.chinaso.com

toboads.com

dn-growing.qbox.me

ad.unimhk.com

das-rpt-log.ucloud.cn
full:adeventtracker.spotify.com @ads
full:adstudio-assets.scdn.co @ads
full:bloodhound.spotify.com @ads
mopub.com @ads
bds.snssdk.com @ads
ctobsnssdk.com @ads
dig.bdurl.net @ads
extlog.snssdk.com @ads
i.snssdk.com @ads
is.snssdk.com @ads
mcs.snssdk.com @ads
pangolin.snssdk.com @ads
pangolin-sdk-toutiao.com @ads
pglstatp-toutiao.com @ads
sf3-ttcdn-tos.pstatp.com @ads
taboola.com
applovin.com @ads
applvn.com @ads
logs.roku.com
static.hotjar.com @ads
analytics.163.com @ads
crash.163.com @ads
crashlytics.163.com @ads
g.163.com @ads
api.game.letvstore.com @ads
ark.letv.com @ads
dc.letv.com @ads
dev.dc.letv.com @ads
fz.letv.com @ads
g3.letv.com @ads
letv.allyes.com @ads
minisite.letv.com @ads
msg.m.letv.com @ads
n.mark.letv.com @ads
plog.dc.letv.com @ads
pro.hoye.letv.com @ads
pro.letv.com @ads
stat.letv.com @ads
static.app.m.letv.com @ads
msmetrics.ws.sonos.com
msmetrics-test.ws.sonos.com
assets.growingio.com @ads
ad.intl.xiaomi.com @ads
ad.mi.com @ads
ad.xiaomi.com @ads
ad1.xiaomi.com @ads
admob.xiaomi.com @ads
adv.sec.intl.miui.com @ads
adv.sec.miui.com @ads
misc.in.duokanbox.com @ads
mistat.xiaomi.com @ads
tjqonline.cn @ads
tracking.miui.com @ads
ad.hpplay.cn @ads
adeng.hpplay.cn @ads
kuyun.com @ads
umeng.com @ads
atom-data.io @ads
analytics-data.io @ads
ironbeast.io @ads
zynga.com @ads
zyngaplayersupport.com @ads
amazon-adsystem.com @ads
a.ckm.iqiyi.com @ads
ad.m.iqiyi.com @ads
afp.iqiyi.com @ads
c.uaa.iqiyi.com @ads
cloudpush.iqiyi.com @ads
cm.passport.iqiyi.com @ads
cupid.iqiyi.com @ads
emoticon.sns.iqiyi.com @ads
gamecenter.iqiyi.com @ads
hotchat-im.iqiyi.com @ads
ifacelog.iqiyi.com @ads
mbdlog.iqiyi.com @ads
msg.71.am @ads
msg.video.qiyi.com @ads
msg2.video.qiyi.com @ads
policy.video.iqiyi.com @ads
yuedu.iqiyi.com @ads
onesignal.com @ads
